What a good boy, what a good girl, my good friend, my good friend, my good friend, my good friend.
I brought you to the house of the old woman.
Come on, if you want to go, you have to go to the next village.
Well, that's good.
Good, good, good boy.
I think I should play with my friends.
Come on, everyone, let's go to the village.
Let's go with the old woman.
I think I should play with my friends.
Come on, everyone, let's go to the village.
The old woman is looking at her husband.
The best face is the face of a man who is not a man.
I thought he was a good boy, but I saw him again.
He is looking at his husband.
I think I should play with my friends.
I thought he was a good boy, but I saw him again.